I want a nice and proffessional website, use react and tailwind make sure it feels nice and smooth its for a company called
Alliance Procurement and Capacity Building limited,
Connect it to a nice simple mongoDB database,
lets add nice featuresm add dark mode feature make sure it looks good and works perfect, make sure the look feels premuim order and organize information nicely with good placement and nice animations make it intuitive and easy to use, the primary highlight should be upcoming events, they should show a flow about the next coming up event and make it people to sign up for the event, it should feel and work good
Its a website to be used by proffesionals make sure it speaks that, use a nice color scheme should be very visually apealing blue and yellow, use nice shades here is some information about the company
To be a leading training, research and
Consultancy Company for public and private
sector supply chain systems and processes in
the Southern Africa Region and beyond. This can
only be achieved with the full commitment,
involvement, and proficient support of the
Government of the Republic of Zambia (GRZ)
and cooperating partners.
To be a knowledge bank on Capacity
development, Capacity building, In-house
training and consultancy services. As a
knowledge bank institution, we aim to
engage the most qualified experts who would
enhance competencies in areas such as
procurement and supply chain management,
financial management, consultancy and
training services, in-house training, research
and development, compliance assessment
and procurement and supply chain audits &
procurement forensic audits. Alliance
Procurement and Capacity Building Ltd shall
always actively participate in formulating the
best procurement & supply chain, financial
management regulations and procedures in
the value chain, emphasising cost reduction,
quality, and timely delivery of goods, works,
and services
1
Contact Us
+260 974486945
+260974318440
+260973284834
Alliance Procurement & Capacity
Building LTD
Our E-mail
globaltrainingalliance@gmail.com
WHO IS
ALLIANCE
Alliance Procurement and Capacity
Building Limited (APCB Ltd) is a
Zambian-owned private company
established and registered under the
Patents and Companies Registration
Agency (PACRA) on 16th November,
2022. The main objective is to
enhance practitioners' and
stakeholders' in procurement and
supply chain management technical
skills, competencies, knowledge and
capabilities with a view to supplement
the Government’s effort in improving
service delivery in the public and
private sectors through training
workshops and capacity building.
The following are the values APCB Ltd
will uphold:
I. Dependability
II. Integrity
III. Confidentiality
IV. Accountability
V. Professionalism
VI. Transparency
VII. Fairness
1. Capacity Building and Professional Development
II. Procurement Advisory and Technical
Support
III. Compliance, Audit, and Risk Management
IV. Compliance, Audit, and Risk Management
V. Tender Management and Evaluation
VI. Recruitment and Staffing Services
VII. Research and Thought Leadership
viii.Dialogue Facilitation and Organizational
Mediation
ix. Recognition and Awards Facilitation
i. Procurement and supply chain management
capacity building and development;
ii. In-house procurement Development;
and supply chain management capacity
building
and development
iii. Compliance Assessment and Procurement
Audits;
iv. Recruitment of procurement and supply
chain professionals;
v. Provide support on procurement and supply
process planning and
implementation;
vi. Provide training in drafting procurement
and supply chain
contracts;
vii. Facilitate mediation in procurement and
supply chain dialogue; viii. meetings for
organisations to achieve a win–win dialogue
solution;
ix. Lead consultants in the tender evaluation
process, including selecting
evaluators;
x. Define and clarify complex procurement
and supply chain questions;
xi. Build organisations' capacity for best
practice Solutions;
xii. Provide the best advice on parameters of
permitted post-tender
contract negotiations and award;
xiii. Act as a standby think-tank on
procurement and supply chain matters for
private and public sector to African
organisations;
It has to feel proffessional and mature, give me something nice 